[Merged by Bors] - docs: remove mention of phases in voluntary exits (#3776)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/voluntary-exit.md

## Withdrawal of exited funds

Even though users can currently perform a voluntary exit, they **cannot withdraw their exited funds at this point in time**.

> This implies that the staked funds are effectively **frozen** until withdrawals are enabled in future phases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This implies that the staked funds are effectively **frozen** until withdrawals are enabled in a future hard fork.
```

> This implies that the staked funds are effectively **frozen** until withdrawals are enabled in a future hard fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This implies that the staked funds are effectively **frozen** until withdrawals are enabled in a future hard fork (Capella).
```

Just adding a cosmetic change to re-trigger CI
